it's the second day of Blizzcon with
coverage presented by omen by HP I'm
joined right now by Chris Loranger do
you still go by Huck yes Chris knock
Loranger chris huck Loranger is that
your official middle name no kind of I
met him my middle name is Franklin so
I'm a little embarrassed I'm gonna swap
it out for a hug
it's very good and now you went from
being a player trolling people like
aedra and starcraft to now helping to
run the overwatch League team for Boston
how did that all come about um I
actually got approached by them to to
interview for the position they were
looking for somebody for a while
my name had been circulated through some
of the consulting and strategic
advisement I had been done and then I
owned a small overwatch team that made
it into contenders I did you know talent
work I was a top 500 player I played
last year on Team Canada x pro player so
like a lot of small things like that and
then interview went really well and you
know history and now what what is the
last couple months been like for you
because I have to assume it's very very
hectic as you've looked to build out a
roster and help the brand come about and
sort of teach some of the guys that
you're working with about eSports and
how this whole thing works yes so it's
been it's been very it's been a really
good experience it's been a lot of hard
work I think we're getting there I was
the first
I guess general manager slash president
whatever you title you want to use to be
out here so we're you know I think got a
jump start on a lot of the housing
issues you know we feel like we have a
really strong team overall it's a lot of
bridging of gaps I said I would I would
say from you know the craft brew
perspective into eSports what has it
been like for you sorry I'm watching
Monty over there figure out whatever
he's doing but I what has it been like
for you as you have sort of seen all the
conversation about overwatch League
evolve a lot of people saying they're
having expressing a lot of skepticism
now obviously we've seen a lot of cool
stuff happening with the World Cup so
what's this whole that side of the
experience been like for you um it's
been refreshing it's very nice I mean I
think this this Blizzcon has exceeded a
lot of people's expectations as far as
overwatch viewership
being in the arena you know in
experiencing that crowd and the energy
that's there really I think gave a lot
of naysayers a different perspective or
at least they're you know a little bit
more on the fence now which is great and
I think a lot of people who already
believed in overwatch League believe
even more now and kind of going back to
the roster when you were sort of
scouting all that out what were you
really looking for because for a lot of
people it's like literally just sheer
talent a lot of people it's sort of the
synergy of what a team could be other
people are looking for you know faces of
a brand what what were sort of the
criteria you were looking at we were
looking at the the first two that you
mentioned mainly that players are
coachable overall and there's a lot of
characteristics like being humble and
hard-working
and a few others that go into that and
then as well you know players that are
gonna mesh well because they're just
good people you know they're they're not
they never had problems with toxicity
they've never had problems with their
past teams they're all just stand up you
know citizens to begin with and then on
top of that they're very talented so
we're looking for that I mean if you
look at contenders and you see how
quickly teams can shift you know from
being a you know a team in the finals to
a team that finishes last and contenders
it's important for us to you know look
at the big picture for the full haul of
the year they're building up the wall
for the Meuse audience and concert
behind us hopefully you're not looking
to attend that oh no I got to go to a
dinner what kind of dinner steak dinner
of course you know also in full
disclosure Omen sponsoring all this but
I do want to ask you what do you think
of the sponsorship stuff because
interestingly enough you know I don't
see too often that sponsors are
announced before a league is formed we
saw in tall and o men were announced
just a couple days ago is that a good
sign you think I think that's a great
sign I mean they're obviously you know a
perfect fit for eSports for overwatch as
a whole I think it's a great sign to
show that those big of brands you know
fully believe you know in the whole
pitch they believe in overwatch League
and it's just great to see and I think
it sets a good precedent for all the
other teams that are also rebranding to
see like you know we're all starting
this new
but it's gone really well so far and
let's let's keep that pace where do you
live now I live I actually just moved
like a week ago I live in Southern
California I live Sherman Oaks and then
I'm gonna be moving to Burbank
yes gonna ask I mean were you also were
you basically living in Boston during
all of this um no so I was staying in
Toronto didn't really make sense because
I was moving yeah I got the job and then
I was already in Toronto and then I'd be
moving to LA so I went to you know
Boston Foxborough Gillette Stadium and
you know did my meetings there and then
kind of would travel around and we
didn't even talk about this but here at
the end you're the cup the team that you
were working with for the overwatch
World Cup got second team Canada as you
rip off your your jacket
what how much of that was you um not
much at all obviously that we have we
had really good players this year we had
a good bracket a lot of things went
right for us I think in the following
years if they do World Cup again they'll
they'll give more time for teams and
coaches and everything to prepare you
know from my perspective we'd give them
insight we you know help get them drinks
you know managerial duties but overall
more hands off than I think we would
have liked anything you want to say at
the end of this interview to any of the
potential future Boston overwatch fans
yeah I think our name fits our team I
think we are going to change the status
quo as far as what's expected in
overwatch league and I think a lot of
people are pegging us as an underdog and
I you know I think we're gonna we're
gonna pull a lot upsets out uprising
right uprising yes you said you're
looking to change the status quo for
overwatch league is there even any
status quo yet it has it even launched
there's definitely a status quo within
the community because I think T the
community is pegging teams based on how
big the name is of their players not
necessarily how good or bad they are and
we we're betting big on you know we're
changing that friggin well looking
forward to see that all start and just a
little bit I will definitely be excited
to either cheer for you or become your
harshest critic if the team falls apart
thanks so much for the interview Huck
and for every else you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
Blizzcon right here on my channel
thanks so much to omen for supporting
our content this weekend they are now in
an official overwatch league partner be
sure to follow them over at omen by HP
on Twitter for more updates